pages/about.mdx, before:

# About Tribo Dynamics Inc.

import rotatinglinerprototype from "../images/RLE_About.jpg"
import Image from "next/image";

<div className={"nx-w-full nx-flex nx-justify-center nx-pt-6"}>
    <Image
        priority
        src={rotatinglinerprototype}
        alt={"rotating liner prototype"}
    />
</div>



Tribo Dynamics Inc. is developing the rotation liner engine (RLE), a unique lubrication concept for traditional internal combustion engines. The RLE incorporates a rotation liner between the piston and the engine block, exploiting the well proven piston and piston ring advantage of the historic sleeve valve engine (a total of 200 million horsepower of SVE's were built during WW2) and applying it to the modern exhaust-emission-driven reciprocating engine.

RSET Technologies was incorporated in Texas on February 2, 2000.  Approximately 40% of the common stock is reserved for equity investors. The venture is an extension of a currently funded project at the Engine Research Program at the University Of Texas in Austin headed by Prof. Dr. Ron Matthews.

Commit message:

add link to team and notes to Dimitri

pages/about.mdx, after:

# About Tribo Dynamics Inc.

import rotatinglinerprototype from "../images/RLE_About.jpg"
import Image from "next/image";

<div className={"nx-w-full nx-flex nx-justify-center nx-pt-6"}>
    <Image
        priority
        src={rotatinglinerprototype}
        alt={"rotating liner prototype"}
    />
</div>

Tribo Dynamics Inc. is developing the rotation liner engine (RLE), a unique lubrication concept for traditional internal combustion engines. The RLE incorporates a rotation liner between the piston and the engine block, exploiting the well proven piston and piston ring advantage of the historic sleeve valve engine (a total of 200 million horsepower of SVE's were built during WW2) and applying it to the modern exhaust-emission-driven reciprocating engine. Click [here](/team) to learn more about the Tribo Dynamics team members.

RSET Technologies was incorporated in Texas on February 2, 2000.  Approximately 40% of the common stock is reserved for equity investors. The venture is an extension of a currently funded project at the Engine Research Program at the University Of Texas in Austin headed by Prof. Dr. Ron Matthews.

> (need to confirm with Mr. Dardalis about including RSET Technologies history)
