pages/index.mdx, before:

# The Rotating Liner Engine

Welcome to Rotating Liner! We are improving the fuel efficiency in heavy-duty diesel engines by about 10%, via friction reduction.  Check out all of our RLE prototype [test results](/prototype/highlights).


## What is a Rotating Liner Engine?

The RLE (Rotating Liner Engine) incorporates a rotating liner between the piston and the engine block, exploiting the well proven piston and piston ring advantage of the historic sleeve valve engine and applying it to the modern exhaust-emission-driven reciprocating engine.

RLE **improves** efficiency, **decreases** pollutants, **increases** durability, and has applications thought the range of the $50B+ heavy-duty diesel market.


import rotatingliner from "../images/RLE_Main.webp"
import Image from "next/image";
import YoutubeEmbed from "../components/youtube";

<div className={"nx-w-full nx-flex nx-flex-col nx-pt-6"}>

    <div className={"nx-flex nx-justify-center"}>
        <Image priority src={rotatingliner} alt={"rotating liner"}/>
    </div>

    ## How does it work?

    <div className={"nx-flex nx-flex-col nx-justify-center"}>
        <YoutubeEmbed embedId={"bZFXEMU3e7s"}/>
        <div style={{paddingTop: "1.5rem"}}/>
    </div>
</div>


> This simple animation shows the nature of the relatively large friction that exists in internal combustion engines, more so in modern diesels due to their very high operating pressures.  The mechanism of providing a full oil film due to liner rotation is too difficult to explain here.  We are also showing a CAD snapshot of our single cylinder Cummins ISB prototype (built on a four cylinder block) that has proved the concept on a diesel and also proved the enabling technology, the face seal.

Commit message:

update summary with new data from UT ENGINES RESEARCH GROUP

pages/index.mdx, after:

# The Rotating Liner Engine

Welcome to Rotating Liner! We are improving the fuel efficiency in heavy-duty diesel engines by about 10%, via friction reduction.  Check out all of our RLE prototype [test results](/prototype/highlights).


## What is a Rotating Liner Engine?

The Rotating Liner Engine (RLE) is a design concept for internal combustion engines, where the cylinder liner rotates at a surface speed of 2-4 m/s in order to assist piston ring lubrication which reduces piston friction (by up to 70%).
The RLE exploits the well proven piston and piston ring advantage of the historic [sleeve valve](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleeve_valve) engine and applying it to the modern exhaust-emission-driven reciprocating engine.

[//]: # (The RLE &#40;Rotating Liner Engine&#41; incorporates a rotating liner between the piston and the engine block, exploiting the well proven piston and piston ring advantage of the historic sleeve valve engine and applying it to the modern exhaust-emission-driven reciprocating engine.)

RLE **improves** fuel efficiency, **decreases** pollutants, **increases** durability, and has applications thought the range of the $50B+ heavy-duty diesel market.


import rotatingliner from "../images/RLE_Main.webp"
import Image from "next/image";
import YoutubeEmbed from "../components/youtube";

<div className={"nx-w-full nx-flex nx-flex-col nx-pt-6"}>

    <div className={"nx-flex nx-justify-center"}>
        <Image priority src={rotatingliner} alt={"rotating liner"}/>
    </div>

    ## How does it work?

    <div className={"nx-flex nx-flex-col nx-justify-center"}>
        <YoutubeEmbed embedId={"bZFXEMU3e7s"}/>
        <div style={{paddingTop: "1.5rem"}}/>
    </div>
</div>


> This simple animation shows the nature of the relatively large friction that exists in internal combustion engines, more so in modern diesels due to their very high operating pressures.  The mechanism of providing a full oil film due to liner rotation is too difficult to explain here.  We are also showing a CAD snapshot of our single cylinder Cummins ISB prototype (built on a four cylinder block) that has proved the concept on a diesel and also proved the enabling technology, the face seal.
